and
he asks the people he asks the
rain fan there are options to have to
Mauricio Pinilla back in the
University of Chile
today, the truth is that it is an issue that has
passed many times also by my
head in this period but we decided my
family take me a vacation time
Rest
and the people that also want me to
know that it is not a subject that depends
only me that is
I told him I carlos carlos
I come tomorrow for I love you but not a
subject that depends only on me
It depends on many things I have
current contract with my club and my club
he invested silver in me really sums that
maybe
and costs that he would have to face in
this moment the ubu that I think are
outside the Chilean market
Y
and I legendary I do not close the doors to
nothing like the subject is not enough
economic does not happen with a subject
for a silver theme or anything
to me to play the used one is what the people
means in fact when the
previous use was not the best
the minimum salary because I have this
t-shirt the veins runs blue blood I am
I am from the water is up to the eggs
the people of no doubt
but I do not know if it could be given in this
moment then I do not know why I do not know if
may be given at this time no no
I do not know I felt tied moored
although not being able to return to the u because the
background had something important if from me
it depends, I come tomorrow and I start
to play at the University of Chile but
we know that the footballer's career
it's also short do not be scared that in the
background your will be truncated me
they would have to be a contract per day
not if we do not pass a theme for a theme of
the race outside I take it in fact
I'm tired it was 11 years ago
sleep outside with ups and downs but life
out so children come here every time
that there is one every time that those who
It's harder for them to leave because I have their
cousins
the life of the footballer outside is
pretty supportive we had support my
old to my in-laws to my brother to me
sister
but it is difficult because day to day is
enough in family
I in fact of the coexistence with your
woman is made is super intense because
because to wake up with her being all the
day with her and you do not have to go see
cousin you do not have to have grandpa no
you have to go see your dad you do not have
that go to see towards you you have to
train to work is with your wife and
is with your son your wife and your son you
woman is your son a group of friends
what have we had in when
but life like that is not like playing
side play next
to play in chile is that it's back I do not know if
of sight the cousin that the friend so that
the parents the end is one more guide
normal outside super supportive and that's
what we really have a little
tired but but come on we have 10 days
now to analyze it calmly I have
to talk to my club and let's see
what is it that happens I never closed them
the doors to nothing
I think to tell you that you do not like
like to give one more battle
so
no no no no no closes nothing but no
I have the certainty of a little I can say
6 yes yes yes tomorrow because it does not depend
only many turns seems not to
talk about the question because the truth
what
I have always dreamed of playing and being
well in the ub to turn around fierce a
very young moment with 18 years old and I left
imagined by the need of the club that
He had at that time this economic
then it comes too hard for me to see
or no no no
there is never an economic issue when
come the retirement you have to be
wearing the blue one if I'm wrong or
shit was leading to give problems I did not
I come to the lake and I come, I always said it
when he is well when he is in shape
when I can give satisfaction to the
fans and it's not going to be a problem for
the leaders do not prefer to come to
work on one side on something else